
Functionalities that I have to implement:
1) Playlist management: Enable users to create new, or edit and delete their existing playlists. This would also include
   getting another user’s (public) playlists.
   getting another user’s (public) playlists --> you can search for playlists and see the tracks in the playlist
   Additionally you can also follow these searched public playlists
   EDIT EXISTING PLAYLIST --> DONE (adding and removing songs, editing the name and the description of the playlist)
   CREATE NEW PLAYLIST --> DONE
   DELETE PLAYLIST --> CANNOT DELETE PLAYLISTS WITH THE API

2) Get Spotify catalog information about albums, artists, playlists, tracks, shows or episodes that match a keyword string
    IN THE WORKS --> DONE

3) Display a user’s profile information, such as their username, country, number of followers, email, the users profile
   image and their subscription level. There would be options to get the top items (artists and tracks) of the user as well.
   IN THE WORKS --> DONE

4) Basic operations related to artists like get their overall information, albums, top tracks or their related artists.
   Additionally, I am planning on implementing a method where you can get the users followed artists, and you could also
   follow and unfollow users or artists
   IT'S NOT POSSIBLE TO FOLLOW USERS BASED ON THEIR NAME!!!!!!!!!!
   IN THE WORKS --> DONE


STILL HAVE TO DO THESE: --> DONE
MAKE A README.md file how to start and how to use it --> include additional info
MAKE A requirements.txt
TESTS ARE NEEDED!

Have to correct code:


Done but can be improved:
Check caching and how to update that --> rn it works so might be best if I do not touch it again
Improve Front-end on the playlist_tracks.html --> can I get the images of the tracks somehow? --> maybe get the tracks info with a different function and extract the image from there


IMPORTANT NOTES:
Spotify content may not be downloaded
It is not possible to search users based on their names, therefore I could not implement the part where the user can
look up other users and follow them or get the users followed artists. Searching other users is only possible with the
user's ID, which is generated by Spotify and is not something you can guess. (see the "Check log-in times and other information" part, which displays the
IDs)
The playlist editing sometimes takes time to update --> the pages updates after 10 seconds, but it can take up to a minute to refresh the correct data

The public status of the playlists also either takes time to update or does not really display the status properly.
I tested it manually, made a public playlist and logged into the test account, from which I could see the playlist, so
the method itself works. However, when I logged back in and went to see my playlists, it said that the playlist is not public.
